Why did the second uncle put this book in the secret room?
Husband has eaten
Thank you for not coming. I forgot.
What were you looking at just now?
A book oh yes
In the afternoon, I will go shopping with Qin Yue. Do you want to go shopping together?
Shopping
When were they close enough to go out together before buying it?
Oh, indeed, women's brain circuits are clear.
I have something to do in the afternoon, so I won't go. Goodbye.
Husband, come with us, okay?
Well, why don't you let me go first and let's talk
Husband, are you afraid?
How is that possible?
Then why don't you dare to look at me?
Brother, I found it.
Senior sister, you are here at the end of the Qing Dynasty. I was just about to find you.
Since the husband has something to do, the concubine will retire first.
Did I just come at a bad time?
You came just in time.
By the way, what were you going to say when you just walked in the door?
Oh, by the way, I have suddenly found out the case of Hedong handling
So soon? Hmm?
This matter is indeed related to the Sun family
I suddenly saw the dossier
It said that the person who reported Hedong for rebellion was Sun Li
It's just that there's something else going on.
The person who reported it was Sun Li.
But what was my father sent to raid the house?